what's going on guys silence tear what I
have for you guys today is a video on
how you guys can get free short cards
all that want you guys to get money
within Grand Theft Auto online allowing
you to get the new ill-gotten gains DLC
vehicles weapons and of course all the
accessories and clothing for completely
free I guess with that said if you guys
are new around here remember to click
that subscribe button right below the
video only takes a couple seconds you
guys get notified every time that I
upload a video to my channel also guys
if you do go and enjoy this video
remember to drop a like it really does
help my videos get out through 12 larger
audience and it does only take a couple
seconds and once again that's right
below the video also but anyways guys
let's go ahead and get into the video so
guys the way that this is going to work
is actually through an app for iPhone
users and Android users and now you guys
are probably thinking I've heard so many
different things about different apps
but this is actually the best possible
app that you guys can use to get free
shark cards PSN cards and then Xbox Live
cards you guys can even use this app to
be able to get Amazon cards if you
choose to but like I said this is for
the main purpose of Grand Theft Auto so
we can get PSN cards and Xbox cards and
then use those to get shark cards within
Grand Theft Auto online so we can
purchase the ill-gotten gains DLC items
now guys the way that this work is you
want to click the link in the
description for the app and it'll take
you over to their website where you go
ahead and click on the get started
button if you guys can't click the link
in the description and you guys around
that Android device
simply just go to the Play Store in
search app bounty and then install the
app and then open it but if you guys are
on an iOS sunrise all you simply have to
do is go to app bounty net and then
click get started there which will allow
you to download the app and use it for
yourself now if you guys are asked to
enter a unique code or a invitation code
go ahead and enter the code silent
because when you do that that's actually
going to give you 50 points to start off
with and that's going to give me 50
points which I can put those points
towards giveaways for such as like shark
birds in the future or Amazon gift cards
so that I can do giveaways on my channel
but once you're inside the app all you
need to simply do is you'll see a bunch
of offers you guys can go ahead and
download to earn points you just want to
click on one of those and then download
and install the app and then run it for
about 30 seconds by you running the app
for about 30 seconds what that will do
is actually give you the points for the
app that you're using which is the app
bounty and if you go back into app
bounty you'll notice that it says that
the points have been added and you guys
can collect them now
once that's done you can collect on like
I said if you haven't used the invite
code yet just go ahead and use it it's
code silent so enter that and you guys
will be able to get those points and
then you guys can start downloading apps
and earning points for rewards now their
rewards like I said you can get Amazon
giftcard steam cards Microsoft Points
and you guys can even get PSN cards or
codes so that you guys can use those to
get these shark parts within Grand Theft
Auto and that allow you guys can get the
ill-gotten gains DLC items completely
free without ever purchasing a code from
Rockstar themselves now this doesn't
break the TLS of rockstars game which is
Grand Theft Auto 5 obviously because
this is a legit way of working and
getting those points for completely free
but anyways guys like I said make sure
you guys download this app and when you
guys are asked to use the code silent
because that will give you 50 points
when you first start off downloading the
apps and that gives me 50 points which I
can go ahead and put towards giveaways
for you guys on my channel but anyways
guys hopefully you did enjoy this video
and if you did remember to drop a like
it only takes a couple seconds and it
just show you were supporting my videos
and my channel and it does help my
videos get out there to a larger
audience also guys while you're down
there make sure you guys click that
subscribe button so you guys get
notified every time that I upload a
daily GTA 5 video to my channel anyways
guys my name is all silenced and I'll
catch you guys in my next GTA 5 video
peace